Hello everyone and welcome back to your
instructional design mini course. I'm super
excited to share this video with you and to show
you some cool features that you can use on Zoom
during different kinds of trainings. So we'll
start with the first one which is going to be
share screen. You can see the green button here
down at the bottom and you can click on it and
select which window you want to share. So for me,
I'm going to select this one and double click so
it'll start sharing the screen. So this is the
PDF that we used last time for example. Alright,
I'll stop the sharing and show you some other
features that might be useful. So another one
could be to use breakout rooms down here which
divides the participants up into different rooms
where they can interact with with each other and
increase their talking time maybe answering some
questions or discussing topics that you
asked to discuss. So here you can decide
if you want to assign automatically or manually
and decide how big the groups are as well. So I
will close this and show you the chat function
which can also be used as another interactive
feature where maybe you can ask questions,
people can type comments, ask questions,
whatever you want. "Hey everyone" for example. I
will close up this again and show you some more
options. So another one would be reactions down
here where when someone else is talking and you
don't really want to interrupt them but you
still want to react to it, to show them that
you agree for example, you could give them a
thumbs up or if you have a question. Someone
else is maybe saying something and you want to ask
something but don't want to interrupt them either,
you could raise your hand and they'll know that
there's something you want to say. Lower the
hand once you're done and it automatically does
that after a while too. So the last one I want to
show you is the whiteboards down here. There are
two options. You could create a new whiteboard
which just lets you write down notes, ideas, and
thoughts during your meeting. It'll be saved for
later so everyone can access it once you're done
as well. You can write a little message and draw
something around it too if you wanted to. So you
can stop the sharing up here or you could also
use a pre-recorded one an existing whiteboard.
So I've created one that's called three wishes
for example and you can collaborate on it meaning
that everyone in the meeting can edit it and so
the one I've chosen here for example is called
three wishes which means that every participant
for example could write three wishes for what
they're hoping to learn during the course or
what they're excited about or whatever you
can think of. This would be me for example
and here I could choose three different options
and this is how you close it. Thank you so much
for your attention and I hope you found some
cool new features that you're interested in